[Docs] Add details about run-id when creating alerts (#8238)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/concepts/alerts.md

(alerts)=
# Alerts 

> Alerts are a generic mechanism that allows you to define specific rules using events, such as: an event happens N times within a specified time period. They can also be used for model monitoring (as opposed to notifications that are ony used with jobs and workflows).

Reviewer: I would modify this explanation a bit for something like :
```suggestion
Alerts mechanism provide a flexible way to detect and respond to important system events - such as job failures or model drift. You can define alerts using conditions like “event X happens N times in T minutes,” and attach notifications to be triggered when the alert is activated. 
```

Author: reworded

## Creating an alert
When creating an alert you can select an event type for a specific model, for example `data_drift_suspected` or any of the predefined events above.
You can optionally specify the frequency of the alert using the criteria field, which controls the threshold number of events in a given time window that triggers the alert.

> If criteria is not specified, the default is `count=1` and `period=None`, so thatß the alert triggers immediately upon the first matching event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If criteria is not specified, the default is `count=1` and `period=None`. This means that the alert will trigger immediately upon the first matching event.
```

Author: reworded

You can configure Slack, Git, or webhook notifications for the alert.
``` {Admonition} Note on run identification
Alerts track job runs by name (`run.metadata.name`), not by the unique run UID. The run name can either be set explicitly or automatically generated when a job is executed. 

> You can access the run name from the result of the `run_function call`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the run name from the result of the `run_function` call, for example:
```

Author: call is not part of the actual code, so not inside '...'

Reviewer: yes thats exactly what I suggested here..

## Creating an alert
When creating an alert you can select an event type for a specific model, for example `data_drift_suspected` or any of the predefined events above.

> You can optionally specify the frequency of the alert through the criteria field in the configuration (how many times in what time window, etc.). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally specify the frequency of the alert using the criteria field, which controls how many times the event must occur in a given time window to trigger the alert.
```

> If not specified, it uses the default. Alerts track the runs by name, not by UID. You can configure Git, Slack, and webhook notifications for the alert. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If criteria is not specified, the default is count=1 and period=None. This means the alert will trigger immediately upon the first matching event.
You can configure Slack, Git, or webhook notifications for the alert.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note on run identification:
Alerts track job runs by name (run.metadata.name), not by the unique run UID. The run name can either be set explicitly or automatically generated when a job is executed. 
You can access the run name from the result of the run_function call:
For example:
run = project.run_function("my-function", handler="handler", local=True)
run_id = run.metadata.name

```

See all of the {py:class}`alert configuration parameters<mlrun.alerts.alert.AlertConfig>`. 

For alerts on model endpoints, see [Creating a model monitoring alert](#creating-a-model-monitoring-alert).

This example illustrates creating an alert with a Slack notification for a job failure with defined criteria. 
This example uses `run_id`. You can set it to the run’s name (run.metadata.name), which is assigned when you run a job function, and then
access it from the run object returned by `run_function`.
For example:
```
run = project.run_function("my-function", handler="handler", local=True)
run_id = run.metadata.name

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses `run_id`. You can set it to the run’s name (run.metadata.name), which is assigned when you run a job function.
```
